Do you know who I am?
This is Hongmen's territory
My father is the godfather of Hongmen, Hong Hai himself
I have to make you pay with blood
What I'm looking for is your Hongmen subordinate Cha Dao returning to the palace
One of the murderers of the same age as Li Hu
That is the godfather of the Hongmen, a local force in Zhonghai
Hong Haiqing Hong Haiqing
Xiaole, take him home
Humph
Call your dad
Dad, I'm at Halma Headquarters KTV
Come and save me
Why didn't Chu Tao and Lu Ming come back with you?
Dad, Lu Ming, he got into trouble for me
Uncle Hong Jiangtao wants to bully our Chu Tao
I didn't expect that guy Lu Ming
He rushed into the box and beat Hong Jiangtao
What!
It's all over
This lunatic beat the son of Huang Mei's godfather
If this red girl takes revenge on him
Then we're all doomed
Then I don't want to die.
Ah, they broke in
It's this bitch and that lunatic who want to die
Damn it, shit
You are the one who robbed me and I will chase after you
Although this child said that he knew people from the Hero Club
But the Heroes don't know us
We can't reach anyone from the Hero Club.
How is this okay? Get out of here